Loading checkpoint shards:   0%|          | 0/3 [00:00<?, ?it/s]Loading checkpoint shards:  33%|███▎      | 1/3 [00:02<00:04,  2.23s/it]Loading checkpoint shards:  67%|██████▋   | 2/3 [00:04<00:02,  2.12s/it]Loading checkpoint shards: 100%|██████████| 3/3 [00:05<00:00,  1.90s/it]Loading checkpoint shards: 100%|██████████| 3/3 [00:05<00:00,  1.97s/it]
Starting from v4.46, the `logits` model output will have the same type as the model (except at train time, where it will always be FP32)
******************************************************
PRUNED LAYER NORMS (Angular Distance)
Prune Point / L Star: 27
N: 2
Layer: 27
self_attn.q_proj.weight        (4096, 4096)  norm=0.0000
self_attn.k_proj.weight        (4096, 4096)  norm=0.0000
self_attn.v_proj.weight        (4096, 4096)  norm=0.0000
self_attn.o_proj.weight        (4096, 4096)  norm=0.0000
mlp.gate_proj.weight           (11008, 4096)  norm=0.0000
mlp.up_proj.weight             (11008, 4096)  norm=0.0000
mlp.down_proj.weight           (4096, 11008)  norm=0.0000
input_layernorm.weight         (4096,)  norm=35.2188
post_attention_layernorm.weight (4096,)  norm=29.3438
Layer: 28
self_attn.q_proj.weight        (4096, 4096)  norm=0.0000
self_attn.k_proj.weight        (4096, 4096)  norm=0.0000
self_attn.v_proj.weight        (4096, 4096)  norm=0.0000
self_attn.o_proj.weight        (4096, 4096)  norm=0.0000
mlp.gate_proj.weight           (11008, 4096)  norm=0.0000
mlp.up_proj.weight             (11008, 4096)  norm=0.0000
mlp.down_proj.weight           (4096, 11008)  norm=0.0000
input_layernorm.weight         (4096,)  norm=35.4062
post_attention_layernorm.weight (4096,)  norm=29.7188
******************************************************
  0%|          | 0/20 [00:00<?, ?it/s]The attention layers in this model are transitioning from computing the RoPE embeddings internally through `position_ids` (2D tensor with the indexes of the tokens), to using externally computed `position_embeddings` (Tuple of tensors, containing cos and sin). In v4.46 `position_ids` will be removed and `position_embeddings` will be mandatory.
[Prompt]:
Article: Media playback is not supported on this device
The 29-year-old committed two fouls but jumped 7.90m with his last effort to go through as the 10th of 12 qualifiers.
"I think I need to apologise to my mum and dad because I may have caused a few less hairs," said Rutherford.
"I didn't get it right in the first two. Now I know where to start from on the runway you may see something good."
Rutherford has won gold at his last four major championships and is the Olympic, world, Commonwealth and European long jump champion.
His progress maintained the possibility of a repeat of Super Saturday when he, Jessica Ennis-Hill and Mo Farah won gold on the same night at London 2012.
"It's going to be a very special evening and I'm excited," he added.
Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
Summary:
[Reference Response]:
 Great Britain's Greg Rutherford sneaked into Saturday's long jump final to maintain his hopes of defending his Olympic crown.
[Model Response]:
The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more.
Read more on Athletics
Read more on European Athletics
Read more on IAAF
Read more on British Athletics
Read more on Diamond League
Read more on World Athletics
Read more on British Athletics news
Read more on World Athletics news
Read more on Athletics news
Rutherford wins long jump gold
Read more on Rutherford wins long jump gold
Rutherford wins Commonwealth gold
Read more on Rutherford wins Commonwealth gold
Rutherford wins long jump gold again
Read more on Rutherford wins long jump gold again
Rutherford wins long jump gold in Oslo
Read more on Rutherford wins long jump gold in Oslo
Rutherford wins long jump gold in Daegu
Read more on Rutherford wins long jump gold in Daegu
Rutherford wins long jump gold in Berlin
Read more on Rutherford wins long jump gold in Berlin
[Acceptance Rate]: 0.8724489795918368
  5%|▌         | 1/20 [00:04<01:22,  4.34s/it][Prompt]:
Article: So what is the levy? What's really at stake? And why raise the rate now?
What is the bank levy?
It is an annual tax on the value of all of the debts of the UK banks (including money deposited with the banks), except that:
Originally, the Treasury had planned to charge a lower rate of 0.05% during 2011, but in February it changed its mind, and switched to the standard rate of 0.075% from May.
The standard rate was originally set at 0.075%, but it was raised slightly in March to 0.078%, and is now being raised again, to 0.088%, from January.
What's it for?
The government thinks it will discourage banks from relying on risky forms of borrowing, which were blamed for making the 2008 crisis much more dangerous.
The tax will also raise a lot of money for the government.
So will this help deal with the budget deficit?
The Treasury hopes the tax will bring in £2.6bn every year.
That's equivalent to 2.1% of the Office for Budget Responsibility's forecast for the budget deficit this year.
It's no small amount for the banks either. It's equivalent to about 19% of the reported profits before tax of the big five UK banks over the 12 months to September this year - although the tax burden will be borne by more than just these five.
What's risky about the type of borrowing that the government wants to discourage?
Traditionally, most of the money that banks lend out comes from the deposits they receive from ordinary people and companies.
But during the past decade, banks found new and more complex ways to borrow trillions of pounds from international markets.
Unlike ordinary deposits, there is no natural limit on the availability of this money, as it can come from anywhere in the globe, and the same money can be recycled between the banks again and again.
A lot of the debts created were very short-term - meaning the banks needed to go back to the markets to reborrow every few days.
When the financial crisis hit, investors began to worry that banks might not be able to repay their debts.
This caused a kind of bank run, with investors refusing to lend.
Unable to refinance all of their short-term debts, even profitable banks were threatened with failure.
Why are retail deposits exempt from the levy?
Bank runs are popularly associated with long queues of ordinary depositors wanting to empty their bank accounts - just as happened to Northern Rock.
But since the 1930s, governments have insured most of the money deposited by their citizens in order to discourage these depositor bank runs. Indeed, the government responded to the Northern Rock crisis by promising to guarantee all of its deposits.
In the UK, the first £85,000 of an individual's money is insured (it used to be £35,000 before the financial crisis).
This means that most depositors do not need to worry about the safety of their money during a financial crisis, and the banks don't need to worry about all those deposits being withdrawn.
So why not just insure all the banks' borrowings?
The bank levy was actually first proposed to all countries by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) as a type of insurance scheme.
The IMF said the money raised should be channelled into a special fund that could be used to pay for the cost of cleaning up future banking crises.
However, the UK government took the view that these borrowings are inherently risky, and wanted to discourage them altogether by taxing them.
If the debts were insured, lenders would see them as less risky, making them a cheaper and easier way for banks to borrow.
The government's fear is that the banks would then just continue taking on more and more debt, until they became impossibly large to rescue - as proved the case in the Republic of Ireland or Iceland.
Indeed, the total debts of the UK's banks had already reached a staggering 4.5 times the size of the entire UK economy before the crisis.
Some might also point out another reason why the government chose not to go for an insurance scheme.
By making it a tax instead, the revenue raised can be channelled straight to the Treasury, helping to pay for the government's own spending.
Why is the first £20bn of debts exempt from the tax?
The government wants to encourage banks to shrink.
The thinking is that the collapse of a big bank could threaten the stability of the entire financial system, whereas the failure of a small bank should not.
The £20bn figure is about the size of the Coventry Building Society. So it means banks will only pay the tax to the extent they are bigger than that.
Why is the tax rate lower on long-term debts?
Longer-term debts are inherently less risky.
Financial crises - at least the most intense part of them - tend to be over in a matter of a few weeks or months.
If a bank does not have to repay its debts for more than a year, then it can probably ride out the crisis.
Will the levy really discourage banks?
The tax will increase the cost of "risky" short-term borrowing for banks by just under one-tenth of a percentage point.
This may seem small, but it will eat into the banks' precious margins - the difference between the interest they pay on their deposits and what they earn on their lending - which is their main source of income.
However, the banks may pass some of the tax cost on to their savers (via a lower deposit rate) or their borrowers (via a higher lending rate).
But to get the 0.088% in context, the Bank of England slashed short-term borrowing costs by 5.2 percentage points in response to the financial crisis.
Why did the government want to phase the levy in?
The original plan was to charge 0.05% for 2011, before going up to the full 0.075% rate next year (increased to 0.078% in March).
The government didn't want to raise the banks' borrowing costs at a time when their financial stability was still in question.
They also did not want to sap the banks' profits too quickly.
The banks might need to use all the profits they could get to rebuild their capital - their buffer against future losses - in order to meet tough new international standards being set by the Basel committee of banking regulators.
So why did the government change its mind?
In February, the Treasury said it wanted to charge the full £2.6bn this year after all.
It pointed to the Bank of England's latest Financial Stability Report, which painted a much rosier picture of the UK's banks.
Moreover, the new Basel rules on bank capital won't take full effect until 2019, giving banks a full eight years to meet the higher standards.
It probably also helped that the banks have been reporting much better profits than many would have expected a year ago.
And markets seemed less and less concerned about the risk of lending to banks - at least until the eurozone debt crisis flared up since the summer of 2011.
Why is the government raising the rate again?
The chancellor raised the rate to 0.088% in his Autumn Statement.
According to the Treasury, the tax was not on course to raise the £2.6bn originally planned for this year.
The Treasury said that it had simply overestimated how much borrowing is done by foreign banks in the UK - and is therefore subject to the tax.
It could also be that banks have been reducing their borrowing. Foreign banks may be moving their borrowing offshore to avoid the tax.
And all banks may be cutting back their borrowing and lending requirements in response to the recession, the eurozone financial crisis, and stricter regulatory requirements.
Which banks will have to pay most?
The Treasury does not say how much of its £2.6bn target it expects to be paid by each bank.
British banks face a bigger burden than foreign banks that do business in the UK, because the British banks must pay the levy on all their borrowing worldwide, and not just on their borrowing in the UK.
That has led to suggestions that some banks - perhaps Standard Chartered, HSBC and Barclays - may relocate their headquarters to another country in order to reduce their tax bill.
Moreover, the probability is that the tax will hit Royal Bank of Scotland and Lloyds Banking Group hardest.
It may seem perverse to tax most heavily the two banks in which the government has the biggest stake.
But one of the reasons the government ended up owning these banks is precisely because they (in the case of Lloyds, because of its merger with the Halifax) had become too dependent on riskier forms of financing, and had to be rescued during the crisis.
Summary:
[Reference Response]:
 The government says it will increase the levy on banks from 0.078% to 0.088% from 1 January.
[Model Response]:
What's the levy?
It's a tax on the value of all of the debts of the UK banks (including money deposited with the banks), except that:
It's a tax on the value of the banks' debts, not on their profits.
It's levied on all the UK banks, not just the big five.
It's a tax on the banks' short-term borrowing, not their long-term borrowing.
It's a tax on the banks' borrowing from abroad, not just from the UK.
It's a tax on the banks' borrowing, not on their lending.
It's a tax on the banks' borrowing, not on their deposits.
It's a tax on the banks' borrowing, not on the deposits of ordinary savers.
It's a tax on the banks' borrowing, not on the deposits of the big companies.
It's a tax on the banks' borrowing, not on the deposits of the small businesses.
It's a tax on the banks' borrowing, not on the deposits of the pension funds.
It's a tax on the banks' borrowing, not on the deposits of the public sector.
It's a tax on the banks' borrowing, not on the deposits of the charities.
It's a tax on the banks' borrowing, not on the deposits of the families.
It's a tax on the banks' borrowing, not on the deposits of the students.
It's a tax on the banks' borrowing, not on the deposits of the unemployed.
It's a tax on the banks' borrowing, not on the deposits of the retired.
It's a tax on the banks' borrowing, not on the deposits of the poor.
It's a tax on the banks' borrowing, not on the deposits of the rich.
It's a tax on the banks' borrowing, not on the deposits of the middle-class.
It's a tax on the banks' borrowing, not on the deposits of the unbanked.
It's a tax on the banks' borrowing, not on the deposits of the underbanked.
It's
[Acceptance Rate]: 0.8868312757201646
 10%|█         | 2/20 [00:14<02:20,  7.80s/it][Prompt]:
Article: Overturning a 2013 ruling, the judges did not, however, halt the programme but urged Congress to take action.
The NSA's spying was leaked by Edward Snowden, a former NSA contractor  who has since fled to Russia.
The NSA has collected data about numbers called and times, but not the content of conversations. It also allegedly spied on European firms.
Among individuals targeted was German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
Germany has "drastically reduced" internet surveillance for the NSA, reports say, after the US agency failed to provide "clear justification" for each search.
Members of Congress could "help reinforce the court's decision" next week, American University's Gordon Adams tells me. That's when House members are expected to vote on a bill, the USA Freedom Act, that would end the NSA's collection of bulk data.
Some senators, however, want things to remain the same. They've pushed for an extension of a provision, Section 215 of the USA Patriot Act that allows the NSA to collect the data.
Section 215 expires in June, and an extension would allow the NSA to carry on with its work.
US spy leaks: How intelligence is gathered
How vulnerable is the internet?
US states take aim at NSA facilities
The latest verdict, by the 2nd US Circuit Court of Appeals in New York, came after New York District Judge William Pauley had dismissed a legal challenge by the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) which argued that the way the NSA tracked million of calls contravened the US constitution.
The 97-page ruling says that "a provision of the USA Patriot Act permitting the Federal Bureau of Investigation to collect business records deemed relevant to a counterterrorism investigation cannot be legitimately interpreted to permit the systematic bulk collection of domestic calling records".
However, the appeals court stopped short of ruling on the constitutionality of the programme, launched after the 11 September 2001 attacks on the US.
The Snowden revelations in June 2013 caused an international outcry, despite US administrations insisting the programme has been fully authorised.
The measures - repeatedly approved in secret by a national security court since 2006 - are set to expire on 1 June.
Leaders of the lower US House of Representatives would prefer to pass a bill to end the government's bulk collection of phone records and replace it with legislation that supporters say protects civil liberties. But Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has indicated he wants to extend the Patriot Act and retain the bulk collection programme.
The White House supports "an alternative mechanism to preserve the program's essential capabilities without the government holding the bulk data", said Ned Price, a spokesman for the White House National Security Council.
But the ACLU's deputy legal director Jameel Jaffer said: "The appeals court's careful ruling should end any debate about whether the NSA's phone-records program is lawful."
Summary:
[Reference Response]:
 A US appeals court has ruled that bulk collection of phone records by the National Security Agency is illegal.
[Model Response]:
The US is in the grip of a crisis over its surveillance programmes. The latest news is that the US Congress will vote on a bill that would curb the NSA's power to collect bulk data on American citizens.
The bill is the USA Freedom Act, and it would require the government to get a warrant before collecting information.
It also would require the government to disclose how often it collects data on Americans.
The bill passed the House of Representatives last year, but it has not passed the Senate.
The bill is likely to pass the House again, but it is uncertain whether it will pass the Senate.
The bill is likely to pass the House again, but it is uncertain whether it will pass the Senate. The bill is likely to pass the House again, but it is uncertain whether it will pass the Senate.
The bill is likely to pass the House again, but it is uncertain whether it will pass the Senate.
The bill is likely to pass the House again, but it is uncertain whether it will pass the Senate. The bill is likely to pass the House again, but it is uncertain whether it will pass the Senate.
The bill is likely to pass the House again, but it is uncertain whether it will pass the Senate. The bill is likely to pass the House again, but it is uncertain whether it will pass the Senate. The bill is likely to pass the House again, but it is uncertain whether it will pass the Senate. The bill is likely to pass the House again, but it is uncertain whether it will pass the Senate.
The bill is likely to pass the House again, but it is uncertain whether it will pass the Senate. The bill is likely to pass the House again, but it is uncertain whether it will pass the Senate. The bill is likely to pass the House again, but it is uncertain whether it will pass the Senate. The bill is likely to pass the House again, but it is uncertain whether it will pass the Senate.
The bill is likely to pass the House again, but it is uncertain whether it will pass the Senate. The bill is likely to pass the House again, but it is uncertain whether it will pass the Senate. The bill is likely to pass the House again, but it is uncertain whether it will pass the Senate. The bill is likely to pass the House again, but it is uncertain whether it will pass the Senate. The bill is likely to pass the House again, but it is uncertain
[Acceptance Rate]: 0.8868312757201646
 15%|█▌        | 3/20 [00:24<02:30,  8.86s/it][Prompt]:
Article: Yoan Gouffran netted the opener from four yards and another goalmouth scramble resulted in Henri Lansbury turning the ball into his own net.
But Newcastle's victory was soured by the loss of top scorer Dwight Gayle, who limped off after 33 minutes.
Villa striker Scott Hogan was carried off on a stretcher late on and they are now winless in nine league matches.
Hogan, who cost £12m from Brentford in January, landed awkwardly after challenging for a header at a late Villa corner.
Gayle - the Championship's leading scorer with 20 league goals this season - appeared to suffer a recurrence of the hamstring problem which had kept him out for six matches.
Villa remain six points above the relegation zone, having collected only one point in 2017, although Steve Bruce's side had more than matched the Magpies until they fell behind.
Iceland midfielder Birkir Bjarnason went closest for the visitors, failing to hook in Hogan's flick-on from close range and later having a shot saved by Karl Darlow.
Newcastle's opening goal came soon after Gayle's departure, with Villa failing to properly clear a Matt Ritchie cross and French winger Gouffran tapping in.
After that, the hosts took control and often looked likely to extend their lead, although the second goal which took them above Brighton in the table came in fortunate circumstances.
Jamaal Lascelles met Jonjo Shelvey's corner and his effort hit Lansbury, who was stationed at the near post, before ricocheting into the net.
Newcastle manager Rafael Benitez told BBC Radio Newcastle: "This is a very difficult division. Every game is tough and we were playing against a good team with very good players.
"They pressed well at the beginning and it wasn't easy for us to play how we wanted. We needed to score to open up the game, and after the second goal it was more open. We had more chances and more control of the game.
"Dwight Gayle seemed like he wasn't comfortable from the beginning and then he said he was feeling something in his hamstring. We don't know how serious it is. We have to wait."
Aston Villa manager Steve Bruce told BBC WM: "Scott's injury compounded the night, because we obviously fear the worst.
"He's definitely turned his ankle over and we don't know how serious it is until we see X-rays and scans. The consequences of losing him are huge, but let's hope it's not as bad as what we think.
"I thought we were decent in the first half, Newcastle hadn't been near our goal, and yet we gave a poor goal away. After the restart, we've given another one away and the second one was comical.
"And the two or three opportunities we've had, we've not taken them. That's where we are at the moment."
Substitution, Newcastle United. Christian Atsu replaces Yoan Gouffran.
Delay in match Scott Hogan (Aston Villa) because of an injury.
Corner,  Aston Villa. Conceded by Matt Ritchie.
Foul by Yoan Gouffran (Newcastle United).
Gary Gardner (Aston Villa) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Substitution, Aston Villa. Leandro Bacuna replaces Jonathan Kodjia.
Delay over. They are ready to continue.
Substitution, Aston Villa. Gary Gardner replaces Birkir Bjarnason.
Delay in match Jonathan Kodjia (Aston Villa) because of an injury.
Attempt missed. Jonjo Shelvey (Newcastle United) right footed shot from more than 40 yards on the right wing is high and wide to the right from a direct free kick.
Mohamed Diamé (Newcastle United) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Foul by Neil Taylor (Aston Villa).
Attempt missed. Jonathan Kodjia (Aston Villa) right footed shot from the left side of the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by Albert Adomah with a cross.
Matt Ritchie (Newcastle United) wins a free kick on the right wing.
Foul by Neil Taylor (Aston Villa).
Substitution, Aston Villa. Albert Adomah replaces Mile Jedinak.
Attempt saved. Jack Colback (Newcastle United) left footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Assisted by Aleksandar Mitrovic.
Attempt saved. Aleksandar Mitrovic (Newcastle United) header from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assisted by Matt Ritchie with a cross.
Corner,  Newcastle United. Conceded by Neil Taylor.
Corner,  Newcastle United. Conceded by Sam Johnstone.
Attempt saved. Matt Ritchie (Newcastle United) left footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assisted by Paul Dummett.
Attempt saved. Birkir Bjarnason (Aston Villa) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal.
Foul by Mohamed Diamé (Newcastle United).
Jonathan Kodjia (Aston Villa) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Own Goal by Henri Lansbury, Aston Villa.  Newcastle United 2, Aston Villa 0.
Attempt blocked. Jamaal Lascelles (Newcastle United) left footed shot from the left side of the six yard box is blocked. Assisted by Jonjo Shelvey with a cross.
Corner,  Newcastle United. Conceded by Henri Lansbury.
Corner,  Newcastle United. Conceded by Sam Johnstone.
Attempt saved. Jonjo Shelvey (Newcastle United) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner.
Mohamed Diamé (Newcastle United) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Mile Jedinak (Aston Villa).
Attempt blocked. Jonathan Kodjia (Aston Villa) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Conor Hourihane.
Attempt missed. Birkir Bjarnason (Aston Villa) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right following a set piece situation.
Foul by Yoan Gouffran (Newcastle United).
Alan Hutton (Aston Villa) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Foul by Aleksandar Mitrovic (Newcastle United).
James Chester (Aston Villa) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Attempt blocked. Birkir Bjarnason (Aston Villa) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked.
Foul by DeAndre Yedlin (Newcastle United).
Henri Lansbury (Aston Villa) wins a free kick in the attacking half.
Summary:
[Reference Response]:
 Newcastle United scored a goal in each half to beat Aston Villa and go a point clear at the top of the Championship.
[Model Response]:
The Sky Bet Championship action continues this afternoon with Newcastle United hosting Aston Villa.
Sky Sports 1 HD 13:00-15:00, Sky Sports 1 15:00-17:00, Sky Sports 1 HD 17:00-19:00, Sky Sports 1 19:00-21:00, Sky Sports 1 HD 21:00-23:00, Sky Sports 1 23:00-01:00, Sky Sports 1 HD 01:00-03:00.
[Acceptance Rate]: 0.8206896551724138
 20%|██        | 4/20 [00:27<01:45,  6.61s/it][Prompt]:
Article: But in tourism-dependent Antigua, a deadly disease has wiped out almost half of the island's majestic coconut palms - leaving unsightly headless trunks littering the landscape.
Lethal yellowing, the same condition that devastated the iconic trees in Florida and Jamaica, also strikes at the heart of this 280sq km (108sq mile) island's culture and economy.
Here, coconut products are used in everything from food and drink to beauty treatments and traditional medicine.
Around 45% of Antigua's thousands of coconut palms have been lost to date, estimates Barbara Japal, president of the island's Horticultural Society.
Street vendor Julian Rose is one of those affected.
He has been selling coconut water for $3.70 (Â£2.40) a bottle for four years, but says the last 12 months have seen supplies nosedive by half - as has his income.
"I've kept my prices the same - people won't pay more," he says.
The official advice states that palms showing signs of the contagious disease, characterised by premature shedding of fruit and yellowing fronds that eventually drop off, should immediately be cut down and burned to prevent the disease spreading.
But the cash-strapped government's lack of resources has enabled it to run rampant, with the trees dying in droves since lethal yellowing was first identified in 2012.
"It affects tourism because, as we say, the 'palm is the charm' and it really diminishes what the seascape looks like," Mrs Japal tells the BBC.
"It's devastating to see them standing there looking like beheaded soldiers. It's shocking, it feels irreverent.
"Coconuts are used in so many aspects of daily life here too; people cook with them, put the oil on their skin and hair. And while it may not be part of conventional medicine, it's part of our tradition to use the oil to heal the skin and cleanse the body."
Lethal yellowing is spread by a plant-hopping insect that Mrs Japal believes was probably brought into the country with imported trees. A ban on importing palms has been in place since 2012.
"We had so many plants brought in some years ago," Mrs Japal continues.
"We have a plant protection unit but when you have a container with 3,000 trees, who's going to inspect every one?"
She says underfunding had left staff's hands tied. "There's no proper disposal or systematic removal of affected palms unless private individuals take action."
There is currently no cure for lethal yellowing, although trees can be treated with quarterly injections of the antibiotic oxytetracycline (OTC).
"Local people are not using OTC; it's just too expensive," Mrs Japal adds. "The resorts are the only ones that can afford it."
John Murphy, maintenance manager at the Carlisle Bay luxury resort, says bosses had decided to "be proactive rather than reactive" to protect the venue's hundred palms.
The cost of treating each one with OTC every three to four months is around $450, he says.
"It's not cheap and a side effect is that it's not recommended to consume the coconut milk or jelly for a year after a tree's been treated," Mr Murphy says.
"Personally I don't believe the antibiotic is 100% successful unless it's administered every few months for the life of the tree - and they live to be 60 or 70 years old."
He says bureaucracy has slowed the process of curbing the disease. The antibiotic must be imported with a special licence - but this is issued only after the presence of lethal yellowing has been officially confirmed.
The $150 cost of the test is also prohibitive for many people in a country where the minimum wage is just $3 an hour.
"It took almost a month to get the licence when we were promised we'd get it within a week," Mr Murphy says.
Such is the disease's ferocity, an untreated palm usually dies within three to six months.
Martin Dudley, an ecological activist, says farmers and nurseries should be encouraged to grow replacement palms to supply hotels and holiday villas.
"The trees still standing where others have died, that show greater genetic strength, should be allowed to come to term - rather than harvesting the nuts for jelly - to provide seeds for new trees," he says.
Kishma Primus-Ormond, a government plant protection officer, says authorities are inspecting as many suspected cases as they can while cutting down affected palms to halt the spread and clean up the island.
"We don't have any funds," she adds. "There's not much more we can do."
As Antigua's new tourist season swings into gear, many are hoping that this will be enough.
Summary:
[Reference Response]:
 White sand beaches fringed by lofty palm trees - it is the image of a tropical paradise that has lured holidaymakers to the Caribbean for decades.
[Model Response]:
The Caribbean's coconut palms are dying at an alarming rate. But why?
I am a coconut farmer and I am very concerned about the future of the coconut palms in the Caribbean. I am very disappointed with the lack of information and education that is being provided to the public. I have been trying to find information about the lethal yellowing disease and the best way to treat my coconut palms.
I am a coconut farmer in the Caribbean and I am very concerned about the future of the coconut palms in the Caribbean. I am very disappointed with the lack of information and education that is being provided to the public. I have been trying to find information about the lethal yellowing disease and the best way to treat my coconut palms.
I am a coconut farmer in the Caribbean and I am very concerned about the future of the coconut palms in the Caribbean. I am very disappointed with the lack of information and education that is being provided to the public. I have been trying to find information about the lethal yellowing disease and the best way to treat my coconut palms. I would appreciate if you could send me some information.
I am a coconut farmer in the Caribbean and I am very concerned about the future of the coconut palms in the Caribbean. I am very disappointed with the lack of information and education that is being provided to the public. I have been trying to find information about the lethal yellowing disease and the best way to treat my coconut palms. I would appreciate if you could send me some information.
I am a coconut farmer in the Caribbean and I am very concerned about the future of the coconut palms in the Caribbean. I am very disappointed with the lack of information and education that is being provided to the public. I have been trying to find information about the lethal yellowing disease and the best way to treat my coconut palms. I would appreciate if you could send me some information. Thank you.
I am a coconut farmer in the Caribbean and I am very concerned about the future of the coconut palms in the Caribbean. I am very disappointed with the lack of
[Acceptance Rate]: 0.9232409381663113
 25%|██▌       | 5/20 [00:37<01:56,  7.77s/it][Prompt]:
Article: Well perhaps it is. It certainly took the commodities markets (and me) rather by surprise when it agreed to cut production at a meeting in Algiers.
In fact the group has a lot of work to do before it has a real and sustained impact on the price.
But that decision was not what the market expected. Traders thought the result would be more disarray, as there was at a meeting of Opec and some other oil exporters in Doha back in April.
This time they did manage to make progress.
The context for the Algiers decision - and the unsuccessful attempts to agree action before - is crude oil prices are less than half what they were in June 2014.
That hurts Opec member countries.
Government finances and economic performance have taken a substantial hit.
In Saudi Arabia for example, the government's finances were in surplus to the tune of 12% of annual income (GDP) in 2012. Last year there was a deficit of 16%.
Angola's economy grew 7% in 2013. Last year it was 3%.
Venezuela's figures are much worse, though it's far from being entirely due to the lower price of oil. That has however severely aggravated the economic damage done by the country's political crisis.
Opec member countries have felt this financial pain with increasing intensity for almost two years now.
Opec doesn't account for the whole market by a long way. There are very large oil producers that are not members, notably the United States, Russia, China and Canada.  But the group, which currently has about 40% of the global market can move it by cutting production - and it does have a history of responding to low oil prices, by cutting production.
In the past Saudi Arabia, the group's biggest player, has often led the effort.
This time the situation was complicated by Iran's emergence earlier this year from international sanctions over its nuclear programme. Tehran was determined to take advantage and sought to recover its share of the market.
For Opec, the trouble was that Saudi Arabia was unwilling to curb production without Iran doing likewise, a position also underpinned by the longstanding geopolitical tension between the two countries which are the leading powers in the Gulf.
That tension was the reason for the failure in Doha in April.
Things seem to have changed. Iran has boosted oil production already. It could go higher, but not as easily as was the case in the immediate aftermath of the lifting of sanctions.  Saudi Arabia has softened its position.
The oil minister Khalid al-Falih, who was appointed after the Doha meeting, is reported to have said in Algiers that Iran, as well Nigeria and Libya would be allowed to produce "at maximum levels that make sense".
The secretary general of the group, Mohammad Sanusi Barkindo, told the BBC that those three countries "have lost a considerable volume of their production due to unfortunate circumstances". He said "they will be treated differently."
It also appeared to be the case for some time after the price fall began in 2014 that Saudi Arabia was willing to tolerate the situation because of the pressure it put on competitors, especially shale oil producers in the United States.
The rise of this sector over the last decade or so is seen as a key factor behind the plentiful supply of oil that partly drove the price fall.
Some shale operators have cut back, but overall oil production in the US in 2015 was higher despite the lower prices.  If the Saudi aim was to squeeze the American industry, they have not had anything like the success they hoped for.
It does look as though the Saudis have decided they need a new strategy.
So Opec agrees they want to take action to push prices up. The detail will be difficult to negotiate.
How will they allocate the production cuts between members? How differently will Iran, Nigeria and Libya be treated? And what baseline level of production will they use in calculating new production ceilings?
It's also likely they will want some non-members to co-operate. The US and Canada won't. They don't believe in the kind of market management that Opec is trying to achieve and in any case oil production is done in those countries by private businesses which will not take orders from energy ministers.
Russia, however, might be willing to come on board and did discuss the possibility at the Doha meeting.
And then with Opec there is always the question of whether member countries will comply with any agreed limits on their own production.
The reaction of the oil market to the Algiers agreement is telling. The price of crude oil rose and then fell back. It remains very much within the range that it has been trading in for the last six months.  In short it looks like the market view is that something has changed at Opec, but traders will need to see Opec filling in all the details of an agreement before they are convinced that prices really are heading upwards.
Summary:
[Reference Response]:
 Opec, the oil producers' group is back in the driving seat.
[Model Response]:
The oil price is in the middle of a very long downward trend. It's a trend that began in 2014, and it's not over.
There is a lot of talk about oil prices going up, and some of it is justified.
But the reality is that the long term trend is downwards, and it will be a long time before that trend is reversed.
In the short term the market is likely to be volatile, and there will be some periods when prices do go up.
But the overall trend is downwards.
The most recent Opec meeting in Algiers has not changed that.
[Acceptance Rate]: 0.8321678321678322
 30%|███       | 6/20 [00:40<01:26,  6.19s/it][Prompt]:
Article: Trevor O'Neill was shot outside a supermarket in Majorca just after 21:00 local time on Wednesday, Irish national broadcaster RTÃ‰ reports.
His shooting is understood to be linked to a feud between Irish criminal gangs.
Mr O'Neill's partner and three children, aged five, seven and 10, were with him when the attack happened.
They had travelled to Majorca on Saturday for a holiday for his 40th birthday.
Police believe the attack was connected to a dispute between the Hutch and Kinahan groups, but Mr O'Neill was not the intended victim.
The feud between the gangs was sparked by the killing of Dubliner Gary Hutch in Spain last year and most of the resulting violence and murders have happened in Dublin.
Attempts to revive Mr O'Neill at the scene failed and police are said to be searching for up to three suspects.
It is understood that he was not linked to organised crime but may have been talking to a member of the Hutch family at the time.
Summary:
[Reference Response]:
 An Irishman who was shot dead on a Spanish island is believed to have been killed in a case of mistaken identity in a gang-related attack.
[Model Response]:
Trevor O'Neill was shot outside a supermarket in Majorca just after 21:00 local time on Wednesday, Irish national broadcaster RTÃ‰ reports.
This is a terrible tragedy for the family.
I don't know what it means to be a criminal, but I do know what it means to be a parent.
A parent who loses a child, or a parent who loses a child in a horrific way, is the most tragic thing that can happen to a person.
My heart goes out to the family of Trevor O'Neill and to his partner and his children.
I can't imagine what they are going through.
It is horrific to think that a 40-year-old man has been killed in a place where he should have been able to enjoy his life with his family.
I don't know what it means to be a criminal, but I do know what it means to be a parent. A parent who loses a child, or a parent who loses a child in a horrific way, is the most tragic thing that can happen to a person.
My heart goes out to the family of Trevor O'Neill and to his partner and his children. I can't imagine what they are going through. It is horrific to think that a 40-year-old man has been killed in a place where he should have been able to enjoy his life with his family.
I am shocked and saddened to hear of the death of Trevor O'Neill in Majorca.
I would like to offer my sympathies to his family and loved ones.
The murder of Trevor O'Neill is a tragic event and I would like to extend my deepest sympathies to his family and friends.
This is a very sad day for Trevor's family and friends.
I would like to offer my deepest sympathies to the family and friends of Trevor O'Neill.
The murder of Trevor O'Neill is a very sad day for his family and friends.
I would like to offer my deepest sympathies to the family and friends of Trevor O'Neill. This is a very sad day for them.
The murder of Trevor O'Neill is a very sad day for his family and friends. I would
[Acceptance Rate]: 0.8649193548387096
 35%|███▌      | 7/20 [00:51<01:37,  7.54s/it][Prompt]:
Article: Both players could make their Rovers debut at Accrington on Saturday.
Mason, 19, a junior player with Real Madrid who then featured for Blackburn and Southampton youth teams, is yet to make a first-team appearance for Villa.
Houghton, 20, an academy player at Chelsea, had loan spells with Gillingham and Plymouth last term.
Meanwhile, Chelsea goalkeeper Matej Delac, 24, has joined Belgian side Royal Excel Mouscron on a season-long loan, while 19-year-old midfielder Bekanty Victorien Angban will spend the coming campaign on loan at Granada in La Liga.
Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Summary:
[Reference Response]:
 Doncaster Rovers have signed Chelsea midfielder Jordan Houghton and Aston Villa defender Niall Mason on loan until January.
[Model Response]:
Chelsea midfielder Mason Mount, 19, has joined Championship side Aston Villa on loan until the end of the season.
Mason, who is a junior player with Real Madrid, has also featured for Blackburn and Southampton youth teams.
Aston Villa are yet to make a permanent signing this summer, but are close to completing a deal for Manchester City's 19-year-old winger Jadon Sancho.
Both players could make their Villa debut at Accrington on Saturday.
Summary: Chelsea goalkeeper Matej Delac, 24, has joined Belgian side Royal Excel Mouscron on a season-long loan.
Delac, who was a member of the club's youth side, has made 12 appearances for the Blues' first team, including the Europa League final in 2018.
He has also spent time on loan at St Gallen in Switzerland and at MOL Vidi in Hungary.
Meanwhile, 19-year-old midfielder Bekanty Victorien Angban has joined Spanish side Granada on loan for the 2019-20 season.
Angban, who is an academy player at Chelsea, has spent the past two seasons on loan with Portuguese side Tondela.
Summary: Chelsea midfielder Mason Mount, 19, has joined Championship side Aston Villa on loan until the end of the season. Mount, who is a junior player with Real Madrid, has also featured for Blackburn and Southampton youth teams.
Aston Villa are yet to make a permanent signing this summer, but are close to completing a deal for Manchester City's 19-year-old winger Jadon Sancho. Both players could make their Villa debut at Accrington on Saturday.
Aston Villa are yet to make a permanent signing this summer, but are close to completing a deal for Manchester City's 19-year-old winger Jadon Sancho.
Both players could make their Villa debut at Accrington on Saturday.
Summary: Chelsea goalkeeper Matej Delac, 24, has joined Belgian side Royal Excel Mouscron on a season-long loan. Delac, who was a member of the club's youth side, has made 1
[Acceptance Rate]: 0.8649193548387096
 40%|████      | 8/20 [01:01<01:41,  8.46s/it][Prompt]:
Article: The commission is investigating tax deals granted to US companies for setting up headquarters in Europe.
Next month the EU is expected to deliver its decision on Apple. The company could be hit with a multi-billion pound bill for unpaid taxes.
The commission said there was "no bias against US companies" in the probes.
In a report published on Wednesday, the US regulator said action by Brussels  would make it into a "supra-national tax authority" overriding the tax codes of its member states.
It also said Brussels was using a different set of criteria to judge cases involving US companies, adding that potential penalties were "deeply troubling".
Apple has been accused of sheltering billions of pounds in profit in the Republic of Ireland tax-free, under a deal it reached with Irish authorities. JP Morgan, an investment banker for Apple, has said the company could face a bill for $19bn (Â£14.3bn) in a worst-case scenario.
Several companies including Apple, Amazon and Starbucks are under investigation by the European Commission over allegations of tax avoidance.
Last year, the commission ruled that Starbucks and Fiat were given sweetheart tax deals in the Netherlands.
The EU's executive body said it was investigating whether Apple was given special tax benefits for setting up in Ireland that were not granted to other companies, potentially violating EU state aid rules.
Earlier this year the US government publicly challenged the investigation by Brussels, accusing it of targeting US corporations.
In its latest move, the Treasury Department asked Brussels to reconsider its actions against several US companies including Apple, Starbucks, and Amazon. It argued penalties for these firms could have broader repercussions for cross-border taxation.
"The investigations have global implications as well for the international tax system and the G20's agenda to combat [tax avoidance] while improving tax certainty to fuel growth and investment," Robert Stack, a Treasury Department deputy wrote in a blog on the agency's website.
He argued that a charge from the European Commission could be considered a foreign tax credit in the US - a classification that could reduce the businesses' tax bills in the US.
The Treasury Department said it was continuing to "consider potential responses should the commission continue its present course".
In response the commission said it was trying to ensure EU law was applied equally to all companies operating in Europe.
Apple has previously said that it had not had "any special tax deal with the Irish government".
"We have received no selective treatment from Irish officials," the company has said. "Apple is subject to the same tax laws as scores of other international companies doing business in Ireland."
The Irish finance ministry has also insisted Apple "did not receive selective treatment and there was no 'special tax rate deal'".
"Ireland is confident that there is no state aid rule breach in this case and we will defend all aspects vigorously," the Department of Finance said two years ago when the European Commission announced its formal investigation.
Summary:
[Reference Response]:
 The US Treasury Department has warned the European Commission about taking action against US companies over tax avoidance allegations.
[Model Response]:
The European Commission is investigating whether Ireland gave Apple a special tax deal.
The European Commission is investigating whether Ireland gave Apple a special tax deal.
The European Commission is investigating whether Ireland gave Apple a special tax deal. The US technology giant is under investigation for alleged tax avoidance, after the commission said it had not paid any taxes in Europe in 2009 and 2010.
The commission said it was investigating whether Apple benefited from a special deal with the Irish authorities, which would be a breach of EU state aid rules.
The commission's president, Jose Manuel Barroso, said Apple had not paid any taxes in Europe in 2009 and 2010.
"This is a clear case of state aid," Mr Barroso said. "We have to make sure that state aid rules are applied in the same way to all companies operating in Europe."
The commission said it was investigating whether Apple benefited from a special deal with the Irish authorities, which would be a breach of EU state aid rules. The commission said it was investigating whether Apple benefited from a special deal with the Irish authorities, which would be a breach of EU state aid rules.
The commission said it was investigating whether Apple benefited from a special deal with the Irish authorities, which would be a breach of EU state aid rules.
The commission said it was investigating whether Apple benefited from a special deal with the Irish authorities, which would be a breach of EU state aid rules. The commission said it was investigating whether Apple benefited from a special deal with the Irish authorities, which would be a breach of EU state aid rules.
The commission said it was investigating whether Apple benefited from a special deal with the Irish authorities, which would be a breach of EU state aid rules. The commission said it was investigating whether Apple benefited from a special deal with the Irish authorities, which would be a breach of EU state aid rules. The commission said it was investigating whether Apple benefited from a special deal with the Irish authorities, which would be a breach of EU state aid rules.
The commission said it was investigating whether Apple benefited from a special deal with the Irish authorities, which would be a breach of EU state aid rules. The commission said it was investigating whether Apple benefited from a special deal with the Irish authorities, which would be
[Acceptance Rate]: 0.890495867768595
 45%|████▌     | 9/20 [01:11<01:38,  8.99s/it][Prompt]:
Article: The West Ham striker is charged with driving a car while a baby was being held by a passenger.
Snodgrass, 29, is alleged to have driven on Duke Street, Glasgow, on 17 April with too many people to fit a baby seat in.
The baby is alleged to have been in the arms for a rear seat passenger.
Snodgrass, originally from Glasgow, was not at the city's Justice of the Peace Court when the case called.
Defence lawyer Martin Black told the court "he didn't think he had to be" when asked why his client was not present.
The Crown requested a warrant which was granted by JP Eunice Paton.
Summary:
[Reference Response]:
 A warrant has been issued for Scotland international footballer Robert Snodgrass after he failed to turn up for his court trial.
[Model Response]:
The West Ham striker is charged with driving a car while a baby was being held by a passenger.
The West Ham striker is charged with driving a car while a baby was being held by a passenger.
The baby is alleged to have been in the arms of a rear seat passenger.
The Crown requested a warrant which was granted by JP Eunice Paton. The case was adjourned until 20 September.
Summary: The West Ham striker is charged with driving a car while a baby was being held by a passenger.
[Acceptance Rate]: 0.9074074074074074
 50%|█████     | 10/20 [01:14<01:09,  6.96s/it][Prompt]:
Article: Earlier today George Osborne said he had no plans to do so -  but he refused to completely rule out the move.
The coalition government reduced the highest income tax rate from 50% to 45% in 2013.
Ed Balls, Labour's shadow chancellor, criticised Mr Osborne's refusal to rule out a further cut.
Asked on Sky News's Murnaghan programme if there were plans to cut income tax by 5% for those earning over £150,000, George Osborne said "that's not our plan".
Challenged as to whether he would explicitly rule the move out, the chancellor replied: "You can judge us by what we say we want to do. And what we want to do is increase the tax-free personal allowance to £12,500 so people full-time on the minimum wage don't have to pay income tax and millions of people are better off.
"And when it comes to higher-rate tax payers, our priority is increasing the threshold at which you pay that higher rate to £50,000.
"Those are our big tax commitments for the coming Parliament."
When asked later if he would cut the top rate of tax, Prime Minister David Cameron said: "It's not our policy.  It's not our plan.
"Our plan is to raise to £12,500 the basic rate threshold, so that we take another million people out of income tax altogether and cut tax for 30 million people. That's the plan."
But Ed Balls said: "When George Osborne cut the top rate of income tax from 50p down to 45p we know that he and David Cameron wanted to go further and actually cut it to 40p - which, if they were to do that, would mean hundreds of thousands more in tax cuts for the richest people in our society."
He added: "They need to tell us is that their plan - they won't rule it out, they should do so now."
This election issue includes income tax and national insurance levies and business taxes.
Meanwhile, Liberal Democrat minister David Laws has accused the Conservatives of "unbelievable cheek" in taking credit for personal tax allowance rises.
Mr Laws, a former chief secretary to the Treasury, said the prime minister and chancellor had failed to push for the move in talks with Lib Dems.
His party will spell out plans to "go further and faster" in increasing the allowance in the coming days, he said.
George Osborne said raising the level was one of his "big tax commitments".
The tax-free personal allowance is to rise from £10,600 in 2015-6 to £10,800 in 2016-7 and £11,000 in 2017-8.
Mr Laws told Pienaar's Politics on BBC Radio 5 live that was down to his party.
"What I can tell you is that there hasn't been a single Budget or Autumn Statement in this parliament where the prime minister or the chancellor have ever made this a Conservative ask," he said.
"The discussion they've had with Nick Clegg and Danny Alexander have always been on the basis that it's the Lib Dems pushing for this and it's the Conservatives pressing other policies which usually don't help those people on low and middle incomes."
The schools minister also told the programme his party would spell out further plans on the issue in the coming days.
"The Lib Dems left to our own devices, or putting our position in coalition talks, will want to go a lot further and faster than the measures set out in the Budget recently to help those people on low and middle incomes," he said.
In other election news:
Subscribe to the BBC Election 2015 newsletter to get a round-up of the day's campaign news sent to your inbox every weekday afternoon.
Summary:
[Reference Response]:
 Labour is calling on the Conservative Party to vow that it won't lower the top rate of income tax if it wins the election.
[Model Response]:
The Conservatives are likely to say the rise is a result of their policy to raise the personal allowance to £12,500 by 2020, which they say will benefit 30 million people.
The Conservatives say they are committed to raising the personal allowance to £12,500 by 2020.
The rise in the personal allowance, the amount you can earn before paying income tax, is due to take place in April 2016.
The Conservatives are likely to say that the rise is a result of their policy to raise the personal allowance to £12,500 by 2020, which they say will benefit 30 million people.
The rise in the personal allowance was announced in the 2015 Budget.
The Conservatives said the rise would take the allowance to £11,000 in 2017-18, and £12,500 in 2020-21.
The rise in the personal allowance is expected to cost £7.2bn in 2015-16, £10.5bn in 2016-17 and £14.4bn in 2017-18.
The rise in the personal allowance is due to take place in April 2016.
The rise in the personal allowance was announced in the 2015 Budget. The Conservatives said the rise would take the allowance to £11,000 in 2017-18, and £12,500 in 2020-21.
The rise in the personal allowance is expected to cost £7.2bn in 2015-16, £10.5bn in 2016-17 and £14.4bn in 2017-18. The rise in the personal allowance is due to take place in April 2016.
A rise in the personal allowance would mean that people earning up to £11,000 would not have to pay income tax.
The personal allowance is currently £10,600.
The personal allowance is the amount of income you can ear
[Acceptance Rate]: 0.9415584415584416
 55%|█████▌    | 11/20 [01:24<01:13,  8.15s/it][Prompt]:
Article: The World Rugby Hall of Fame was launched by ex-England and British and Irish Lions captain Bill Beaumont at Rugby Art Gallery and Museum in Warwickshire.
World Cup winners Lawrence Dallaglio and Jonny Wilkinson were among 12 stars inducted in to the "hall".
Members of the public will be able to visit from Friday.
The World Rugby Hall of Fame was established in 2006, and absorbed the International Rugby Hall of Fame in 2014, but has previously never had a physical home.
The attraction, which honours players and administrators who have enhanced the game through exceptional achievements, features video archive of rugby matches and memorabilia.
The 10 other players inducted in the Hall of Fame were England's Jeremy Guscott and Maggie Alphonsi, Wale's Shane Williams, John Dawes and Arthur Gould, Scotland's GPS Macpherson, Ireland's Brian O'Driscoll, Japan's Daisuke Ohata, Canada's Heather Moyes and Australia's Daniel Carroll.
Players, teams, coaches, media and rugby personalities can all be considered for the hall of fame but they need to have been retired from the game for at least three years and have demonstrated rugby's "core values" to be eligible,
The sport of rugby is said to have been accidentally invented in 1823 after William Webb Ellis, a pupil at a public school in Rugby, caught the ball and started running forward with it.
Summary:
[Reference Response]:
 A hall of fame celebrating rugby union's past has been officially opened at the sport's birthplace.
[Model Response]:
12 new inductees into the World Rugby Hall of Fame were announced at Rugby Art Gallery and Museum in Warwickshire.
Videos from the World Rugby Hall of Fame launch
[Acceptance Rate]: 0.6122448979591837
 60%|██████    | 12/20 [01:25<00:47,  5.98s/it][Prompt]:
Article: The Department for Transport said up to 60 trains, capable of speeds of about 225mph, were needed.
The contract, which will also involve maintaining the fleet, will be awarded in 2019.
The trains are for the first phase of the project, due to open in 2026 and run between London and Birmingham.
Construction will begin later this year and it is expected to reduce rail times between Birmingham and London by 32 minutes.
A second Y-shaped phase of HS2 will open in two stages.
The line from Birmingham to Crewe will launch in 2027, with the remaining construction - which includes a spur taking HS2 to a new station at Manchester Airport - due to finish six years later.
There will be separate contracts in the future to supply trains for this phase.
Transport secretary Chris Grayling said the new railway would carry more than 300,000 people a day.
"Hundreds of jobs will be created in building and maintaining these trains, representing a great opportunity for British-based businesses and suppliers.
"In total 25,000 jobs and 2,000 apprenticeships will be created during HS2 construction and we have held discussions with UK suppliers to make sure they are in the best possible position to win contracts," he added.
Friday's launch comes ahead of a formal start of the process in spring 2017, when companies interested in bidding can learn more about the process. Formal invitations to tender will be made in 2018.
Hitachi Rail Europe said it will bid for the contract to build the HS2 trains.
The rail manufacturer is headquartered in London and builds trains at its plant in Newton Aycliffe in County Durham.
Its sales director, Nick Hughes, said: "Our HS2 trains would be built in Britain, for Britain, and combine world-leading Japanese Shinkansen technology with British manufacturing know-how."
Gordon Wakeford, managing director of Siemens Mobility, said a manufacturing contract of this scale  was "exciting news" for the rail industry and would have a "positive impact on the wider UK supply chain".
The company had recently "ramped up" its HS2 activity with the appointment of two executives to lead the HS2 rolling stock bid team, he added.
HS2 has been dogged by controversy, with critics saying the scheme poses a threat to swathes of English countryside.
Summary:
[Reference Response]:
 The search for a company to take on the £2.75bn contract to build high speed trains for the HS2 rail network got underway on Friday.
[Model Response]:
The Government is to invest £66m in a new national centre for rail research and innovation.
The National Centre for Rail Innovation (NCRI) will be based in Birmingham and will provide a single point of contact for businesses looking to work with the rail industry.
It will be funded by the Department for Transport (DfT) and the rail industry, and is due to open in 2017.
The NCRI will be based at the University of Birmingham and will have a partnership with the University of Warwick.
The DfT said the centre would help "make the UK the world leader in rail innovation".
The NCRI will be led by Professor David Begg, who is currently head of the Department of Civil Engineering at the University of Birmingham.
The centre will also be supported by a number of rail companies, including Network Rail, the National Express Group, Siemens Mobility and Bombardier.
The NCRI will be funded through a £66m package of investment from the DfT and industry.
The DfT said the centre would "create a centre of excellence" for the rail industry and would help the UK to "take advantage of the opportunities presented by the HS2 project".
It will also be tasked with helping to develop "new technologies and business models" for the rail industry.
The DfT said it would work with the centre to develop a "rail innovation strategy" for the UK.
The centre will also be tasked with supporting the HS2 project, which is due to open in 2026 and will link London and Birmingham.
The DfT said it would be tasked with helping to develop new technologies and business models for the rail industry.
Summary: The government is to invest £22m in a new rail manufacturing centre in Birmingham.
The University of Birmingham will receive £22m from the government to help create a new centre for rail manufacturing.
The centre will be based at the university's Advanced Manufacturing Building, which is currently under construction.
The University of Birmingham said it would be working with Bombardier, Hitachi and Siemens Mobility to develop the centre.
It will be used to develop new technologies for the rail industry and will be based on the university's existing Advanced Manufact
[Acceptance Rate]: 0.8011363636363636
 65%|██████▌   | 13/20 [01:36<00:51,  7.43s/it][Prompt]:
Article: Media playback is not supported on this device
Imagine for a moment you are privileged enough to be on your way to Monaco to witness F1's greatest race in any way you choose. How do you do it?
Standing on one of Monte Carlo's neoclassical verandas overlooking Casino Square - champagne flute in hand?
Maybe take in some lobster and fine wine as the cars race by at any given restaurant lining the circuit?
Perhaps the Paddock Club, for a grandstand seat and a place in the harbour at the Monaco Yacht Club....
Or being bent over the boiling exhaust of a Formula 1 car whilst wearing a race suit in 80-degree heat?
"I got to wear me own suit and helmet in the garage. I really didn't want to do the VIP thing, so I was in charge of Eddie Irvine's right-rear tyre," remembers Jordan mechanic, and multi-million album-selling, car-themed singer-songwriter Chris Rea. "I did it a few times, but the only time it was hard was at Monaco."
It's the 1995 Monaco Grand Prix and Eddie Irvine is returning to the pits with a problem with his right-rear wheel. "My wheel. It was very warm and it's quite a way to run in that gear, probably because I had a terrible hangover.
"Thank you, Eddie Jordan."
For the opportunity. And the hangover.
And it was Monaco where it all began for Rea. But not amongst the F1 and entertainment world's cognoscenti. Like it does for everyone. At home in front of the telly.
"It was Sunday afternoon, a very small broadcast live from Monte Carlo - and Stirling Moss was leaving everybody for dead and as Moss went by as leader, down at bottom of the hill and you'd see these strange little things, and you says to your dad: "what are them?" And he'd say: 'squale' - sharks.
"I was only about eight. 'What's the colour?' I say, and he gets his wine, and he says: 'Blood red, son, blood red.'
"'And who's that driver?' He's like a benign Darth Vader with his modern helmet on, and his name is Wolfgang Alexander von Trips, and he lives in a castle.
"That was it. After that night there was nothing else than the shark nose Ferrari."
But it would be years before Rea turned a passion for F1 and Von Trips into the reality that he could witness at first hand…
"When you grow up… that area of your life has gone - as if you have concussion, because you can't afford it."
It wasn't money, or fame and the access that comes with it that handed Rea an epiphany which would lead him to witness some of F1's greatest moments with his own eyes.
"Many years later you're walking though Cologne on your day off from the arena, and around the corner you see this museum for Wolfgang von Trips. They just got all this stuff down from the top floor, including a box with tins of film - of all his holiday films from 1957 to 1960.
"I hadn't seen footage of Von Trips ever before. It's of him picking his apples in the castle and backstage at every major race. It had never been seen before and they let me have it, which is where I got the boy's dreams idea."
As a way of sharing this access to Von Trips' archive and to celebrate one of F1's most iconic drivers - who was tragically killed at Monza in 1961 along with 15 spectators in one of the sport's darkest moments - Rea has rereleased his double-album and DVD La Passione 20 years after "too many people got involved the first time around".
It now includes the footage that was handed to him in Von Trips' home town, and which took Rea on an F1 odyssey from a dusty museum's loft to Eddie Irvine's white hot exhaust pipe.
What Rea remembers and has collected along the way competes for wall space with what he achieved in music.
Rea's demo studio at his home sees walls lined with guitars gifted by Paul McCartney and The Smiths' Johnny Marr, as well as what seems like hundreds of his own - including a beguiling orange Fender Stratocaster ("that's the one I wrote Road To Hell on").
But with the tools of a trade that has earned Rea a global profile for decades hang the humble achievements and notable failures of a racing career - pictures of him driving in various amateur meetings with the Historic Racing Drivers' Club, including a win at Donington and pictures of his current car of choice - a police-themed Morris Minor.
Plus a bent piston from a Porsche he was driving at Monaco one year, damaged after missing a gear on his way to Rascasse corner.
"I think I've lost that ability to slow things down - that ability drivers have to calculate what's coming by you at tremendous speed. I used to have it. But I had to pull into the pits the other day - it was wet and I was getting in the way [of the other cars]."
But it's that intuitive sense and skill where the world of motor racing and music collide - where man and machine intertwine to produce something that can never be manufactured. And often never repeated.
"I played at gig at the Montreax Jazz Festival once and on a song called It's All Gone - I had to do free-form slide solo. It's the best thing I've ever done - because I wasn't thinking about it. I've even watched it on YouTube and I've thought: 'I can't do that.'
"It's like watching a qualifying lap - things you got away with when you were really on the edge. People tell me I've done it again, but I don't think so. It always happens on a wet night in Dresden. If I knew someone was filming it I'd fall to bits."
One man who achieved a qualifying lap that he couldn't possibly explain was Ayrton Senna after his "out of body experience" in 1988. But, like so many of the great drivers, it was when the Brazilian legend was not in the best machinery that his talent shined through. And it's Monaco again where Rea takes one of his fondest F1 memories.
"We were doing a gig. Senna used to gain a second on everyone at Loews hairpin. It was in first gear, it was all mechanical. He used to gain a second on everybody else there.
"It's my favourite McLaren year, with the MP4/8 [the first car for years to lose McLaren its prowess in the filed and trail behind the emerging Williams Renaults]. To watch senna inside was amazing. Someone showed me his glove after Monaco - he'd worn through his glove.
"I came home with fencing marks on my face from Donington in 1993," another iconic Senna performance in under-powered machinery and in torrential conditions.
"I stood there for the whole race. He would drive through rivers - I don't know how it did that."
While it might not be surprising to hear that a man who saw Senna and played at F1 during the '90s feels less connected with the sport these days, it gives more credence to the argument something needs to change in the sport.
"Look at Formula 1 now - it's Scalextric. It doesn't look now like what viciously turned people like me on - watching it, thinking: 'I can't do that. Guys with no Armco, but trees, telegraph posts… Cars that were only mechanical. It made it more special.
Two young lads asked me about a 1996 YouTube video of Ferraris doing tests. They didn't remember it - they wanted to know what the hell it was, because they couldn't get over the scream of them cars going past 16,000 rpm, with V12 engines.
"That's not there now. Instead it's that drone. The cars all sound like an out of tune saxophone. [F1's] in a hell of a mess now.
They all go up each other's bums - rules are made by scientists and it doesn't relate to the public."
There's always Ferrari, right?
And what of Rea's beloved Ferrari? The red cars that drew him into the dream 55 years ago? Their mini-revival fading by the race.
"They would try so hard. They would turn up with something so amazing, but then it would break down. Which is so Italian.
"But a lot of Ferrari owners are billionaires these days. And you kind of lose some of that mad men in a village outside of Modena trying to win.
"You can't have F1 without Ferrari - you just can't have it. It's part of the theme that is the red car, and a lot of it is to do with the colour. If a kid falls in love with Ferrari this weekend, when he eventually buys one it'll be red. And when he gets older it'll be metallic red - and he'll have a disguise on when he's driving it so no one recognises him."
Rea smiles… his humour possibly anecdotal.
"I've given up my Ferrari - the idea of going through my village in a 488… You can't drive them on English roads.
"I had an F12, but I had a lot of trouble with it. The main trouble was how big the bloody things are. I used to say to Luca [de Montezemolo, ex Ferrari president], 'When can we have smaller car? Instead of this battleship.'
For more than 60 years the paddock, and every veranda that lines the Monte Carlo Formula 1 circuit overflows with the rich and famous - attracted by the fine champagne, dining, bobbing yachts and gentle mistral of the Cote D'Azur, as well as maybe a few loud cars disturbing the networking.
But one household name, whose memories involve old steering wheels, helmets and engine parts in a shed, was there for one thing: the racing.
What kind of F1 fan is Chris Rea? A real one.
Summary:
[Reference Response]:
 What type of F1 fan are you?
[Model Response]:
Formula 1 has lost its way and needs to find it again. The sport has become too corporate, too predictable and too far removed from the dreams and hopes of its younger fans.
As a musician, Rea has seen the sport from a unique perspective, and he has some ideas on how to change it.
"I'd love to see F1 go back to the old days - with the old cars. It's a lot more exciting when you're not sure what's going to happen.
"I'd like to see the cars be more like the old cars - I'd like to see the drivers be more like the old drivers.
"I'd like to see them be more like me, because I'm the only one that's going to turn up with a Ferrari in a field with 500,000 people and 100,000 Ferraris.
"I'd like to see them be more like me."
Words: James Allen
Images: Formula1.com
Read more about: Chris Rea Monaco Formula 1
[Acceptance Rate]: 0.6771929824561403
 70%|███████   | 14/20 [01:42<00:41,  6.97s/it][Prompt]:
Article: 25 May 2015 Last updated at 08:01 BST
Students aged from nine to 12 have been asked to create their designs in the blocky 3D world.
The results could then be made to existing national parks around Adelaide.
The government has set aside nearly $10.4m Australian dollars (Â£5.4m) for the redesigns.
It's all part of a government plan to make the most of kids' creativity.
The only rule is that "whatever you design needs to be able to be created in the real world," said the website which announced the prize.
"The park features need to complement the natural environment, taking into account the animals and plants that live there."
"Ideas could include trails for bushwalking, mountain biking or horse riding, barbecue and picnic areas - or something completely different," it suggested.
A news team in south Australia popped in to a school that's taking part to see some of their cool ideas.
Thanks to Carl from ABC's 'Behind the News' programme in Australia who sent us this report.
Summary:
[Reference Response]:
 Kids in Australia are getting involved in a competition to design a national park in Minecraft which could then be built in reality.
[Model Response]:
A school in Adelaide, Australia, is running a competition to design new national parks.
The competition is open to students aged 9-12 years old.
The competition is open to students aged 9-12 years old.The students have to design the park in a 3D computer game called 'Minecraft'.
The students have to design the park in a 3D computer game called 'Minecraft'.The students have to design the park in a 3D computer game called 'Minecraft'.
The students have to design the park in a 3D computer game called 'Minecraft'.
The students have to design the park in a 3D computer game called 'Minecraft'.The students have to design the park in a 3D computer game called 'Minecraft'.
The students have to design the park in a 3D computer game called 'Minecraft'.The students have to design the park in a 3D computer game called 'Minecraft'.The students have to design the park in a 3D computer game called 'Minecraft'.
The students have to design the park in a 3D computer game called 'Minecraft'.The students have to design the park in a 3D computer game called 'Minecraft'.The students have to design the park in a 3D computer game called 'Minecraft'.
The students have to design the park in a 3D computer game called 'Minecraft'.The students have to design the park in a 3D computer game called 'Minecraft'.The students have to design the park in a 3D computer game called 'Minecraft'.
The students have to design the park in a 3D computer game called 'Minecraft'.The students have to design the park in a 3D computer game called 'Minecraft'.The students have to design the park in a 3D computer game called 'Minecraft'.
The students have to design the park in a 3D computer game called 'Minecraft'.The students have to design the park in a 3D computer game called 'Minecraft'.The students have to design the park in a 3D computer game called 'Minecraft'.
The students have to design the park in a 3D computer game called 'Minecraft'.The students have to design the park in a 3
[Acceptance Rate]: 0.9624724061810155
 75%|███████▌  | 15/20 [01:51<00:38,  7.62s/it][Prompt]:
Article: For 70 years, my father has lived with the shame of what happened to his ship, HMS Hebe, in June 1940.
During the evacuation of Dunkirk, he was the chief engine room artificer on board the Hebe, a minesweeper deployed to Dover as a control vessel.
The Hebe crossed the Channel to Dunkirk three times during those chaotic days between 27 May and 4 June.
"It was torrid, dangerous and nerve-wracking with all-day long German air attacks", says Harold Biles who marked his 28th birthday during the height of the bombardment.
"The Hebe was lying about 200 metres off the beach at Dunkirk, and there was just a seething mass of soldiers. All we knew was that we were on the water, they were on the beach and were trying to get to us.
"There was constant bombing and shellfire.  We just used to wait for nightfall when there was a relaxation, and we could perhaps get some sleep."
In the early hours of 29 May 1940, the captain of HMS Hebe sent a gig ashore to the beach at Dunkirk. It was to collect Lord John Gort, the commander-in- chief of the British Expeditionary Force and take him to England.
"As we sped back to Dover, I remember seeing Lord Gort standing in the waist of the ship, holding the guardrail to offset the rise and swell of the waves. He was resplendent in his red-trimmed uniform, but he was motionless, with his head sunk to his chest".
"It was not for him to receive any acclaim for the evacuation of some 330,000 men and saving them from Nazi POW camps. In his eyes, there was only defeat. He had lost an army."
The German bombardment, the trauma and the fatigue were taking a toll on the crew of HMS Hebe, and no doubt other ships involved in the evacuation.
My father describes how on the morning of 1 June, he witnessed the first signs of what we now know to be post-traumatic stress, but in those days was sometimes referred to as a "lack of moral fibre".
"We were embarking more stores and ammunition back in Dover. An RAF plane flying low overhead was the starting point. A seaman looked up, screamed and fell into convulsions with hysteria. It was contagious and he was joined by three or four others.
"Later in the day an order was issued, amazing and ill judged. Anybody feeling the stress of the last week was told to leave the ship and assemble on the dockside in preparation for going to hospital.
"About 20 men left the ship and I can still see their grins as they trooped over the gangway. The majority were malingerers but in fairness, the prospect of that final trip was frightening as the Germans were almost on the French beaches."
The captain of the Hebe sent for Harold Biles as the Chief Engineer, and the Coxswain.
"We both had to tell him that the ship was so depleted of crew that a further sailing was impossible. And so we remained alongside while other craft made the trip, some never to return."
To my father's dismay, HMS Hebe played no further part in Operation Dynamo.
"This was the greatest blow which sometimes I feel to this day," he says, on the eve of his 98th birthday.
Summary:
[Reference Response]:
 BBC world affairs correspondent Peter Biles has been talking to his father, Harold, about his recollections of the Dunkirk evacuation.
[Model Response]:
HMS Hebe (M 19) was a minesweeper of the Hebe class.
She was laid down on 22 February 1936 by the Fairfield Shipbuilding and Engineering Co., Govan, launched on 21 October 1937 and completed on 15 February 1938.
On 15 May 1940 she was under the command of Lt. C.W.L. Gower, R.N.R. and was in the 3rd Minesweeping Flotilla at Dover.
On 29 May 1940, she was ordered to take Lord Gort, the C. in C. BEF, to England.
On 31 May 1940 she was ordered to take part in Operation Dynamo, the evacuation of the BEF from Dunkirk.
On 1 June 1940, she was ordered to return to Dover.
On 2 June 1940, she was ordered to return to Dunkirk.
On 5 June 1940, she was ordered to return to Dover.
On 6 June 1940, she was ordered to return to Dunkirk.
On 7 June 1940, she was ordered to return to Dover.
On 8 June 1940, she was ordered to return to Dunkirk.
On 10 June 1940, she was ordered to return to Dover.
On 11 June 1940, she was ordered to return to Dunkirk.
On 12 June 1940, she was ordered to return to Dover.
On 13 June 1940, she was ordered to return to Dunkirk.
On 15 June 1940, she was ordered to return to Dover.
On 16 June 1940, she was ordered to return to Dunkirk.
On 17 June 1940, she was ordered to return to Dover.
On 18 June 1940, she was ordered to return to Dunkirk.
On 20 June 1940, she was ordered to return to Dover.
On
[Acceptance Rate]: 0.8868312757201646
 80%|████████  | 16/20 [02:01<00:33,  8.28s/it][Prompt]:
Article: 1 April 2017 Last updated at 12:33 BST
The tiny pad was appraised by manuscripts specialist Matthew Haley during an episode filmed at Caversham Park in Berkshire.
The programme will air on Sunday at 20:00 BST on BBC One.
Summary:
[Reference Response]:
 A 17th Century notebook analysing the work of William Shakespeare has been described as "extraordinary" by an Antiques Roadshow expert.
[Model Response]:
The manuscript was found in the book collection of the late Baroness Lily Pons, a French soprano and the last surviving pupil of the composer.
The manuscript is a score for a song called La Dame Blanche, which was written by the composer in 1925.
It was written in the composer's own hand and was signed by him.
Matthew Haley said: "This is a wonderful discovery.
"It's the only surviving manuscript of the song and it's signed by the composer himself.
"The fact that it's signed by the composer is what makes it really special.
"It's the only known surviving manuscript of the song and it's a very important find."
The manuscript was discovered in the book collection of the late Baroness Lily Pons, a French soprano and the last surviving pupil of the composer.
The manuscript was found in the book collection of the late Baroness Lily Pons, a French soprano and the last surviving pupil of the composer
Matthew Haley, who works for Sotheby's, said the manuscript was "very exciting" for him.
He said: "I've been looking for a manuscript of this song for quite some time and I've never seen one.
"It's a great discovery for me."
The manuscript is expected to fetch up to £30,000 when it is auctioned off at Sotheby's in London on 13 May.
The manuscript is expected to fetch up to £30,000 when it is auctioned off at Sotheby's in London on 13 May
The programme, which is part of the BBC's Treasures series, will air on Sunday at 20:00 BST on BBC One.
[Acceptance Rate]: 0.8333333333333334
 85%|████████▌ | 17/20 [02:09<00:24,  8.25s/it][Prompt]:
Article: The 19-year-old was called up into the Wales senior squad for the first time for the World Cup qualifier against Serbia earlier this month.
James is Town's sixth signing of the summer so far.
Meanwhile, defender Adam El-Abd, 32, has left the club after his contract was terminated by mutual agreement.
El-Abd was made club captain last season, scoring twice in 34 appearances across all competitions.
Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.
Summary:
[Reference Response]:
 League One Shrewsbury Town have signed teenage winger Daniel James from Premier League Swansea City on a season-long loan.
[Model Response]:
James is Town's sixth signing of the summer so far.
[Acceptance Rate]: 1.0
 90%|█████████ | 18/20 [02:10<00:11,  5.85s/it][Prompt]:
Article: For this has been the worst year on this, or indeed any other, commissioner's watch.
As the league closes in on an annual revenue of £16bn ($25bn), expansion plans into Europe and specifically London, continue apace.
And as Goodell tops up his bank balance with a yearly income in the region of £26m ($40m), the professional game of American Football is more popular and yet, some would argue, more contemptible than ever.
Fifty NFL players were arrested in 2014 for a wide degree of offences - from Tennessee's Shonn Greene, who parked in a disabled parking bay, to Minnesota's Adrian Peterson, who was arrested over child abuse.
There were five cases of domestic violence, including that of Baltimore's Ray Rice, who was filmed by hotel security punching his then fiancee - now wife - in a lift.
Goodell himself became personally embroiled in the Rice case in an argument over what the NFL did or did not know.
There was also a far-reaching report chaired by the former director of the FBI, Robert Mueller, which highlighted the fundamental mismanagement of the situation by league officials.
And the bad news kept on coming for the embattled commissioner.
Just 30 days into 2015, there have been four fresh player arrests, including two for domestic violence and one for rape.
Elsewhere, it is a sorry tale:
Yet despite all this mayhem and chaos the NFL, as a product, is flourishing.
The moral outrage surrounding the cases of Rice and Peterson calmed down fairly quickly and audiences flocked yet again to stadiums around the country.
More than 17m attended the 256 regular season games, the highest figure since 2008, while television audiences hit record highs.
Media playback is not supported on this device
While youth participation figures are down over concerns surrounding long-term brain damage caused by concussion, NFL fans are embracing the game like never before, both within the United States and globally.
The annual Harris Report, which tracks the popularity of American sports, says the NFL is still number one by a huge margin - double the popularity of Major League Baseball and College Football.
A report released this week by the sports market research group Repucom also makes some interesting claims, notably that:
Most of the television networks that broadcast the NFL had audiences tuning in in greater numbers than in 2013, while the figures for both Thursday and Monday Night Football were up significantly.
More than 47m people watched the NFL's annual College Draft, yet not one pass was thrown or one tackle made. There were also 9.6m tweets about the event across its three days.
Nielsen, who gather audience ratings in the US, reported extremely strong numbers for the very first 9.30am EST kick-off between Detroit and Atlanta in London, so much so that the NFL will repeat the experiment next season.
Although some fans showed their disdain for Rice, Peterson and others arrested last year by returning their replica shirts, many still turned up wearing Rice's number 27 jersey and Peterson's number 28 long after their cases made the national press.
Despite everything, the NFL remains America's game. So why the appeal in the face of growing off-field problems?
Simply put, the NFL is full of great stories, exceptional games and, most importantly, great players. The college version of the game is flourishing as well.
Elsewhere in America, the other two major professional leagues - the National Basketball Association (NBA) and Major League Baseball (MLB) - have suffered with falling television ratings and general popularity over the past few years.
Baseball's lack of true star power means it has fallen out of the national conversation, arguably since 1998 and the infamous home-run record chase between Mark McGwire and Sammy Sosa, who have subsequently become embroiled in steroid controversies.
The names of baseball's 2014 All Stars, such as Chase Utley, Nelson Cruz and Paul Goldschmidt, do not possess the same pulling power as football stars such as JJ Watt, Tom Brady, Aaron Rodgers or Calvin Johnson.
Baseball simply is not cool anymore and the appeal for the game has become as much regional as it is national.
Jonathan Mahler wrote in the New York Times recently that: "Baseball has never been healthier" - in terms of attendance, revenue, and, unlike the NFL and NBA, freedom from labour strife. "So why does it feel so irrelevant?"
With each team playing 162 games a season, baseball fans tend to watch their own players in action rather than those they have no vested interest in.
That is not the case for the NFL. Almost 19m watched the Dallas Cowboys take on the Washington Redskins on Monday Night Football.
The NBA has also suffered in the post-Michael Jordan years, with falling attendances and viewing figures.
However basketball has been rescued somewhat by the LeBron James effect, while the game, with its ongoing connection with hip hop culture, continues to grow with a younger audience.
Along with the phenomenon that is College Basketball's March Madness, it remains a popular sport in America, but continues to be dwarfed by the NFL.
The NBA is, according to the Harris Report, America's sixth most popular sport but is struggling with the increase in popularity of soccer and a resurgence in appreciation for ice hockey.
It would also be foolish to think that the NFL is the only organisation with off-field problems.
Baseball continues to move from one steroid scandal to another, while the NBA has witnessed its own fair share of domestic violence, domestic assault, battery and driving under the influence cases.
The NFL is a runaway success train that shows no sign of halting.
And while the on-field product remains so good, the off-field issues will be nothing more than a distraction.
Green Bay Packers fan Zoe Lake is representative of millions: "Football has always been a part of my life. As a football fan and a woman, I believe the NFL needs to take a good, hard look at the way it has handled the epidemic of violence that has rocked the league and the nation.
"But recent events will not keep me from tuning in to catch my Packers. Let's not forget: It is only a small number of NFL players who have committed violent acts against women and children."
In April's Draft, commissioner Goodell will welcome University of Oklahoma wide receiver Dorial Green Beckham into the professional ranks, potentially in the first round.
Multiple drug arrests and a dismissal from the University of Missouri for allegedly forcing open an apartment door and pushing an 18-year-old woman down a flight of stairs will not stop him being given every opportunity to succeed on the field.
Even if he transgresses again, it will be just another problem for America's most popular sport. But a problem it will overcome, have no doubt.
Summary:
[Reference Response]:
 As National Football League commissioner Roger Goodell stepped to the podium for his annual pre-Super Bowl address, he could have done worse than invoke the Queen's speech of 1992 in which HRH Elizabeth II referred to the events of the previous 12 months as an 'annus horribilis'.
[Model Response]:
2014 was the worst year in the NFL's history.
The NFL is America's most popular sport.
The NFL is a runaway success train that shows no sign of halting.
The NFL is a runaway success train that shows no sign of halting
The NFL is a runaway success train that shows no sign of halting.
In April's Draft, commissioner Goodell will welcome University of Oklahoma wide receiver Dorial Green Beckham into the professional ranks, potentially in the first round. Multiple drug arrests and a dismissal from the University of Missouri for allegedly forcing open an apartment door and pushing an 18-year-old woman down a flight of stairs will not stop him being given every opportunity to succeed on the field. Even if he transgresses again, it will be just another problem for America's most popular sport. But a problem it will overcome, have no doubt.
In April's Draft, commissioner Goodell will welcome University of Oklahoma wide receiver Dorial Green Beckham into the professional ranks, potentially in the first round. Multiple drug arrests and a dismissal from the University of Missouri for allegedly forcing open an apartment door and pushing an 18-year-old woman down a flight of stairs will not stop him being given every opportunity to succeed on the field. Even if he transgresses again, it will be just another problem for America's most popular sport. But a problem it will overcome, have no doubt. Summary: 2014 was the worst year in the NFL's history. The NFL is America's most popular sport. The NFL is a runaway success train that shows no sign of halting.
In April's Draft, commissioner Goodell will welcome University of Oklahoma wide receiver Dorial Green Beckham into the professional ranks, potentially in the first round. Multiple drug arrests and a dismissal from the University of Missouri for allegedly forcing open an apartment door and pushing an 18-year-old woman down a flight of stairs will not stop him being given every opportunity to succeed on the field. Even if he transgresses again, it will be just another problem for America's most popular sport. But a problem it will overcome, have no doubt. Summary: 2014 was the worst year in the NFL's history. The NFL is America's most popular
[Acceptance Rate]: 0.9497816593886463
 95%|█████████▌| 19/20 [02:19<00:06,  6.98s/it][Prompt]:
Article: The mosaics, part of a 1,700-year-old town house, were found on the site of a development in Leicester.
Open days attracted thousands of people but a question mark hung over the fate over the most spectacular finds.
Now city mayor Sir Peter Soulsby has confirmed they will form part of a Â£7m revamp of the nearby Jewry Wall museum.
The excavation recovered hundreds of artefacts - including a gruesome carved handle depicting people being fed to lions - but the mosaics were the largest found in the city for 150 years.
Speaking at the final open day on Sunday, archaeologist Jon Coward said: "The big mosaic will be lifted and conserved but quite where it will end up I couldn't tell you but it should be made available.
"One of the things that could happen is it could go in the Jewry Wall Museum or it could go in the foyer of the building on this site, that is up to the developers."
Sir Peter Soulsby said has now said that after discussions with developers and archaeologists, a decision had been made.
"The Jewry Wall Museum is the obvious place for this to go and after 1,700 years beneath our feet they could not have been found at a better time.
"Other mosaics are currently undergoing restoration so this mosaic will join the wonderful artefacts we already have to  make a world class visitor attraction."
It is hoped the refurbished museum will open in two years.
Summary:
[Reference Response]:
 High-status Roman floors discovered by archaeologists during building work will go on permanent display, it has been confirmed.
[Model Response]:
A 1,700-year-old mosaic that was found during an archaeological dig in Leicester is to be restored and displayed in the city's Jewry Wall Museum.
The mosaic, which is believed to have been found in a Roman town house, is the largest discovered in the city for 150 years.
The mosaic will be taken to the Jewry Wall Museum for restoration and will eventually be displayed in the city's Roman Gallery.
The mosaic, which was uncovered during the construction of a new building in the city, will be removed from the site next month.
The mosaic will be taken to the Jewry Wall Museum for restoration and will eventually be displayed in the city's Roman Gallery. The mosaic, which was uncovered during the construction of a new building in the city, will be removed from the site next month.
Leicester City Mayor Sir Peter Soulsby said: "The Jewry Wall Museum is the obvious place for this to go and after 1,700 years beneath our feet they could not have been found at a better time.
"Other mosaics are currently undergoing restoration so this mosaic will join the wonderful artefacts we already have to make a world class visitor attraction."
The mosaic is the largest discovered in the city for 150 years and is believed to have been found in a Roman town house.
The mosaic was uncovered during the excavation of a site in the city which is currently being developed into a new building.
The excavation recovered hundreds of artefacts - including a gruesome carved handle depicting people being fed to lions - but the mosaics were the largest found in the city for 150 years.
The mosaics were uncovered in a 1,700-year-old Roman town house in Leicester.
The mosaics, which were found in the city centre, are the largest discovered in Leicester for 150 years.
The mosaics were uncovered in a 1,700-year-old Roman town house in Leicester. The mosaics, which were found in the city centre, are the largest discovered in Leicester for 150 years.
The mosaics
[Acceptance Rate]: 0.8438735177865613
100%|██████████| 20/20 [02:29<00:00,  7.99s/it]100%|██████████| 20/20 [02:29<00:00,  7.50s/it]
{'predicted_text': {'rouge-l': 0.05633949115872383, 'rouge-1': 0.06502781063318253, 'rouge-2': 0.016258079558610916, 'rouge-3': 0.004058046266436577, 'bleu_score': 0.0, 'exact_match': 1312.8499755859375}, 'acceptance_rate': {'mean': 0.8629188418388367}, 'total_time': {'mean': 7.461993002891541}, 'time_per_token': {'mean': 0.020673309918493032}, 'tokens_per_second': {'mean': 48.80998992919922}}
